[docs] support org.hibernate.annotations.comment annotation (#187)
jpa-buddy/documentation: reverse-engineering/reverse-engineering.md

4. Basic type attribute - when this option is enabled, JPA Buddy will analyze the ORM references in the database schema and generate basic type attributes instead of creating associations or relationships between entities. This can be useful in certain scenarios where you prefer to have simple attribute types instead of complex associations.
5. IDEA Ultimate integration - enable this option to use the database metamodel provided by IntelliJ IDEA Ultimate to generate data related objects instead of using a JDBC driver to obtain meta information. This ensures that the generated objects align perfectly with the database structure.

![preferences-general](img/preferences-general.png)

### Tables & Column Comments

To preserve comments added to the database objects, JPA Buddy transfers them to the corresponding entity using the Hibernate `@Comment` annotation or JavaDocs, depending on your settings.

![preferences-comments](img/preferences-comments.png)

> > Please note that only `@Comment` annotations on entities will be included in the [generated DDL scripts](https://jpa-buddy.com/documentation/database-versioning/#general-differential-scripts-generation-flow), JavaDocs will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Please note that only `@Comment` annotations on entities can be included in the generated DDL scripts, depending on the [settings](https://www.jpa-buddy.com/documentation/database-versioning/#preview-window), JavaDocs will be ignored anyway.
```
